Update usage limit (#1870)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.15/api/authproviders.md

    parent: api
---

- [The `authproviders` API endpoints](#the-authproviders-api-endpoints) (commercial feature)
  - [`/authproviders` (GET)](#authproviders-get)
- [The `authproviders/:name` API endpoints](#the-authprovidersname-api-endpoints) (commercial feature)
  - [`authproviders/:name` (GET)](#authprovidersname-get)
  - [`authproviders/:name` (PUT)](#authprovidersname-put)
  - [`authproviders/:name` (DELETE)](#authprovidersname-delete)

> **COMMERCIAL FEATURE**: Unlock authentication providers in Sensu Go with a Sensu commercial license. To activate your license, see the [getting started guide][2].

Reviewer: I see this verbiage a few times throughout the branch.. a commercial license is not required to unlock the authentication providers (or other commercial features). Maybe we can rephrase to something like:

```suggestion
**COMMERCIAL FEATURE**: Access authentication providers in the packaged Sensu Go distribution.
```
